release notes for v6.0.6-24 (#1014)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/platforms/release-notes/k8s-6-0-6-24-2020-08.md

### Cluster CR (REC) errors are not reported after invalid updates (RED25542)

A cluster CR specification error is not reported if two or more invalid CR resources are updated in sequence.

### An unreachable cluster has status running (RED32805)

When a cluster is in an unreachable state the state is still running instead of being reported as an error.

### Readiness probe incorrect on failures (RED39300)

STS Readiness probe doesn't mark a node as not ready when rladmin status on the node fails.

### Role missing on replica sets (RED39002)

The redis-enterprise-operator role is missing permission on replica sets.

### Private registries are not supported on OpenShift 3.11 (RED38579)

Openshift 3.11 doesn't support dockerhub private registry. This is a known OpenShift issue.

### Internal DNS and Kubernetes DNS may have conflicts (RED37462)

DNS conflicts are possible between the cluster mdns_server and the K8s DNS. This only impacts DNS resolution from within cluster nodes for Kubernetes DNS names.

### 5.4.10 negatively impacts 5.4.6 (RED37233)

> Kubernetes-based 5.4.10 clusters seem to negatively impact existing 5.4.6 clusters.

Reviewer: @alexmilowski It seemed that the word clusters was missing. Correct?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Kubernetes-based 5.4.10 deployments seem to negatively impact existing 5.4.6 deployments that share a Kubernetes cluster.
```
@bmansheim better?
